hi Pam dinner here I roll a sales
enablement blog because I'm a firm
believer that all marketing leads to
sales with the rise of digital many
marketing elements can be used or
leveraged to a seller a sales conversion
or even used as a part of a sales
negotiation here are a couple ideas I
discussed in my book content marketing
for example can you expand counter
marketing to a sales size right so one
way to do that is you select content
based on a specific customer journey and
then you map the sales stages into the
customer journey side by side then you
can see a specific content can apply on
the sales side I talked about how to do
that
in the e-book I created to complement my
book and you can download the e-book on
pending accom forward slash and able
sales again
Pam dinner com forward slash enable
sales in my first spoke global content
marketing I created a framework the four
piece of global content marketing to
guide readers through how to scale
content across the region for this
specific book I took a different
approach I identify one marketing topic
for each chapter I talk about that topic
in depth how that impacts sales and what
marketers can do better in chapter 4 for
examples I talked about branding and
messaging how that applies to sales in
chapter 6 which is my favorite chapter I
discuss various marketing elements that
you can use to a seller a sales
conversion so check out the book on
Amazon if you are interested you can
also download free chapter on p.m.
dinner calm the books page if you have
any specific questions about the book or
about any topics reach out to me
directly
ok I'm p.m. dinner calm I know all of
you are working very very hard keep
hustling my friends
hashtag you rock